You will receive training
in the house of the great King Nebuchadnezzar.
Wait!
Daniel!
Be strong, my son.
This is a new land with new laws.
Soon they’ll want us to worship their gods.
Jehovah is in Israel.
We’re in Babylon now.
What’s going to happen to us?
He had a dream,
and no one can tell him what it is.
Everyone is to be executed by dawn.
We have until morning.
To do what?
It’s Jerusalem.
They burned down Jehovah’s house!
As long as Jehovah exists,
we have hope.
Interpretations belong to my God, Jehovah.
He knows your dream and what it means.
Where is your God?
Kill them!
O Jehovah,
surely you didn’t bring us here to die.
Please, vindicate yourself.